cinta kucinta
kucinta mengusik
mengusik kebahagiaanku
kebahagiaanku kebebasanku
kebebasanku meminimalkan
meminimalkan bersosial
bersosial mendidik
mendidik budaya
budaya dimiliki
dimiliki individu
individu kelompok
kelompok berdampak
berdampak korban
korban tertekan
tertekan cemas
cemas takut
takut dll
dll menimbulkan
menimbulkan perpecahaan
perpecahaan bgmn
bgmn melontarkan
melontarkan bgmn
bgmn merespon
merespon bamsoet
bamsoet demokrat
demokrat ketua
ketua maaf
maaf warga
warga papua
papua hello
hello dunia
dunia twitter
twitter mari
mari berperang
berperang berantas
berantas bohong
bohong posisikan
posisikan dirimu
dirimu sbg
sbg rasakan
rasakan dirasakan
dirasakan tsb
tsb hati
hati hati
hati paham
paham intoleran
intoleran jaga
jaga jarimu
jarimu jaga
jaga mulutmu
mulutmu kabar
kabar terbaru
terbaru ruslan
ruslan buton
buton hakim
hakim kabulkan
kabulkan penangguhan
penangguhan penahanan
penahanan hirup
hirup udara
udara bebas
bebas sore
sore jauilah
jauilah syirik
syirik ikuti
ikuti agama
agama menghasuthasutan
menghasuthasutan negatif
negatif karna
karna ikuti
ikuti mempengaruhi
mempengaruhi imanan
imanan perilaku
perilaku awas
awas bro
bro hatihati
hatihati hasutan
hasutan irjen
irjen fadil
fadil imran
imran menindak
menindak negara
negara haters
haters sekedar
sekedar persona
persona buatan
buatan social
social aslinya
aslinya takut
takut mari
mari selamatkan
selamatkan indonesia
indonesia polusi
polusi akhlak
akhlak tontonan
tontonan semestinya
semestinya tonton
tonton selamat
selamat puncak
puncak beragama
beragama pencipta
pencipta mendengar
mendengar jahanam
jahanam bystander
bystander melelahkan
melelahkan semoga
semoga perjuangan
perjuangan melawan
melawan jempolnetizen
jempolnetizen berjalan
berjalan kemenangan
kemenangan konferwil
konferwil amsi
amsi jatim
jatim momentum
momentum perangi
perangi mengontrol
mengontrol mengontrol
mengontrol merespon
merespon ayo
ayo teman
teman belajar
belajar gimana
gimana menghadapi
menghadapi webinar
webinar jempol
jempol social
social connect
connect sabtu
sabtu terlepas
terlepas isu
isu perilaku
perilaku loh
loh inget
inget kritik
kritik lupa
lupa menuliskan
menuliskan positif
positif temanbaik
temanbaik menyukai
menyukai iya
iya tolonglah
tolonglah dikurang
dikurang kurangin
kurangin suamiku
suamiku saksi
saksi ahli
ahli perkara
perkara sidangnya
sidangnya blm
blm pulang
pulang skrg
skrg jgn
jgn nambahi
nambahi kerjaan
kerjaan gatau
gatau kgn
kgn yuk
yuk putusin
putusin lingkaran
lingkaran setan
setan cerita
cerita kuat
kuat ceritacerita
ceritacerita ayo
ayo sadar
sadar dilontarkan
dilontarkan berdampak
berdampak btw
btw temanbaik
temanbaik dapet
dapet sharing
sharing yuk
yuk replies
replies gimana
gimana perasaan
perasaan dapet
dapet btw
btw jenis
jenis apasih
apasih sharing
sharing replies
replies yuk
yuk yuk
yuk online
online offline
offline temanbaik
temanbaik heran
heran orangorang
orangorang cuplikan
cuplikan ujarankebencian
ujarankebencian intinya
intinya dimuarakan
dimuarakan sbg
sbg ketentuan
ketentuan dlm
dlm ekstensi
ekstensi kuhp
kuhp kualifikasinya
kualifikasinya cyber
cyber enabled
enabled crime
crime pembuktiannya
pembuktiannya musti
musti mengacu
mengacu kuhp
kuhp temenku
temenku minggu
minggu barusan
barusan yuk
yuk cek
cek samasama
samasama gengs
gengs menumpulkan
menumpulkan logika
logika mengeruhkan
mengeruhkan pikiran
pikiran membebalkan
membebalkan paparan
paparan pengetahuan
pengetahuan percaya
percaya mengklaim
mengklaim kritis
kritis objek
objek dibencinya
dibencinya perkataanmu
perkataanmu karakter
karakter membunuhnya
membunuhnya korban
korban bicara
bicara pikirkan
pikirkan maumu
maumu tenang
tenang hidupmu
hidupmu nemu
nemu foto
foto ignya
ignya izin
izin pinjam
pinjam fotonya
fotonya berpotensi
berpotensi httpstwittercomdeviwidyapuspi
httpstwittercomdeviwidyapuspi mengumbar
mengumbar kehidupannya
kehidupannya kesakitan
kesakitan timbul
timbul membagi
membagi keorang
keorang insha
insha alloh
alloh sayapercayajokowi
sayapercayajokowi mimpin
mimpin kritik
kritik kebijakan
kebijakan beliau
beliau hoaxvirus
hoaxvirus berusaha
berusaha mengedepankan
mengedepankan logika
logika bicara
bicara bercakap
bercakap mengutuk
mengutuk memperkecilkan
memperkecilkan berdasarkan
berdasarkan warna
warna keturunan
keturunan jantina
jantina fizikal
fizikal apaapa
apaapa diubah
diubah melayu
melayu rohingnya
rohingnya white
white people
people hentikan
hentikan racism
racism hentikan
hentikan membedakan
membedakan pemimpin
pemimpin negara
negara terpilih
terpilih kedaulatan
kedaulatan hakiki
hakiki berperang
berperang berjuang
berjuang berempati
berempati selayaknya
selayaknya berduka
berduka belasungkawa
belasungkawa diam
diam berkemanusiaan
berkemanusiaan kelak
kelak menghadapi
menghadapi kematian
kematian koq
koq masif
masif berbahaya
berbahaya dihindari
dihindari hikmah
hikmah republika
republika edisi
edisi jumat
jumat hukuman
hukuman ringan
ringan aparat
aparat menindak
menindak maaf
maaf inget
inget sobat
sobat phapros
phapros konsekuensinya
konsekuensinya sebarkan
sebarkan instagram
instagram twitter
twitter whatsapp
whatsapp dll
dll laa
laa berjalan
berjalan mna
mna berasa
berasa kosong
kosong menerpa
menerpa jaga
jaga jarimu
jarimu bersosmed
bersosmed menelan
menelan korban
korban pns
pns thumbs
thumbs red
red heart
heart terancam
terancam sanksi
sanksi teguran
teguran penundaan
penundaan pangkat
pangkat gaji
gaji pemecatan
pemecatan individual
individual act
act tindakan
tindakan mempengaruhi
mempengaruhi mass
mass impact
impact jk
jk mreka
mreka sesuai
sesuai dgan
dgan klian
klian tinggalkan
tinggalkan sukai
sukai sja
sja krena
krena berbuat
berbuat dgan
dgan tindakkan
tindakkan perlahan
perlahan menjdi
menjdi pembunuh
pembunuh scara
scara bedain
bedain opini
opini fakta
fakta bedain
bedain kritik
kritik celaan
celaan mencerahkan
mencerahkan keempat
keempat tersangka
tersangka jajaran
jajaran sulsel
sulsel pelaku
pelaku berstatus
berstatus umur
umur menghujat
menghujat penilaian
penilaian subjektif
subjektif like
like dislike
dislike meneduhkan
meneduhkan suasana
suasana ruu
ruu melindungi
melindungi kehormatan
kehormatan negara
negara hinaan
hinaan warga
warga negara
negara wna
wna tim
tim cyber
cyber patrol
patrol penyelidikan
penyelidikan berhasil
berhasil mengamankan
mengamankan pemilik
pemilik akun
akun akp
akp muhaimin
muhaimin menahan
menahan pemilik
pemilik akun
akun pelaku
pelaku berusia
berusia kawan
kawan malam
malam terpaksa
terpaksa kegelisahan
kegelisahan thdp
thdp grup
grup fb
fb grup
grup tsb
tsb damai
damai rukunred
rukunred question
question mark
mark ornamentmari
ornamentmari sikapi
sikapi crying
crying facesad
facesad cc
cc bpk
bpk waka
waka dprd
dprd denpasa
denpasa penghina
penghina almarhum
almarhum maimun
maimun zubair
zubair penanganan
penanganan psikiater
psikiater gangguan
gangguan pelaku
pelaku gagal
gagal menyelesaikan
menyelesaikan kuliah
kuliah interogasi
interogasi bersangkutan
bersangkutan berjalan
berjalan siang
siang proses
proses menunggu
menunggu hasil
hasil interogasi
interogasi kasubag
kasubag humas
humas polres
polres malang
malang kota
kota ipda
ipda made
made seruni
seruni marhaeni
marhaeni hukumannya
hukumannya tersangka
tersangka penahanan
penahanan kapolres
kapolres jakarta
jakarta utara
utara kombes
kombes budhi
budhi herdi
herdi susianto
susianto penyidik
penyidik polres
polres jakarta
jakarta utara
utara menetapkan
menetapkan tersangka
tersangka memposting
memposting pajang
pajang foto
foto penjelasan
penjelasan twitter
twitter memblokir
memblokir bahasa
bahasa manusiawi
manusiawi satunya
satunya mengajak
mengajak berdasarkan
berdasarkan agama
agama patriatoday
patriatoday update
update pemilik
pemilik akun
akun wanita
wanita if
if warga
warga kalipucung
kalipucung sanankulon
sanankulon blitar
blitar maaf
maaf resah
resah postingannya
postingannya juni
juni if
if memiliki
memiliki niat
niat ujarankebencian
ujarankebencian patriatoday
patriatoday kapolres
kapolres blitar
blitar kota
kota akbp
akbp adewira
adewira negara
negara siregar
siregar satreskrim
satreskrim polresblitarkota
polresblitarkota menetapkan
menetapkan tersangka
tersangka wanita
wanita if
if warga
warga kalipucung
kalipucung sanankulon
sanankulon blitar
blitar ujarankebencian
ujarankebencian semangat
semangat lupa
lupa mimpi
mimpi rutan
rutan klas
klas cipinang
cipinang musisi
musisi narapidana
narapidana tersangkut
tersangkut pencurian
pencurian perselingkuhan
perselingkuhan tribun
tribun timurabdul
timurabdul rahman
rahman tersangka
tersangka kerap
kerap tonton
tonton hrs
hrs infopatria
infopatria patriatoday
patriatoday lelaki
lelaki hr
hr warga
warga jugo
jugo kesamben
kesamben blitar
blitar satreskrim
satreskrim polres
polres blitar
blitar memposting
memposting pencak
pencak silat
silat blitar
blitar tim
tim pengacara
pengacara hasibuan
hasibuan memprotes
memprotes pemeriksaan
pemeriksaan kliennya
kliennya dugaan
dugaan artikel
artikel pembantaian
pembantaian massal
massal petugas
petugas kpps
kpps menghasut
menghasut pasalnya
pasalnya loh
loh dear
dear mengakar
mengakar kuat
kuat hati
hati membutakan
membutakan sehat
sehat pengakuan
pengakuan oknum
oknum dosen
dosen unpas
unpas bandung
bandung unggahan
unggahan people
people power
power pengakuannya
pengakuannya buktikan
buktikan berlaku
berlaku buktikan
buktikan berlaku
berlaku oposisi
oposisi mendengar
mendengar istilah
istilah simpelnya
simpelnya provokasi
provokasi golongan
golongan penduduk
penduduk diserang
diserang robertus
robertus robet
robet golongan
golongan penduduk
penduduk terancam
terancam diskriminasi
diskriminasi kekerasan
kekerasan akibat
akibat ujarannya
ujarannya terpenuhi
terpenuhi unsur
unsur mengaitkan
mengaitkan kuhp
kuhp ketentuan
ketentuan dlm
dlm kuhp
kuhp melindungi
melindungi golongan
golongan penduduk
penduduk kuhp
kuhp melindungi
melindungi penguasa
penguasa dlm
dlm menafsirkan
menafsirkan bermuatan
bermuatan sara
sara mengacu
mengacu ketentuan
ketentuan kuhp
kuhp sembarangan
sembarangan berdiri
berdiri unsur
unsur dilindungi
dilindungi kuhp
kuhp limitatif
limitatif golongan
golongan penduduk
penduduk suku
suku keturunan
keturunan agama
agama kebangsaan
kebangsaan kedudukan
kedudukan dlm
dlm tata
tata negara
negara penerapan
penerapan merujuk
merujuk ketentuan
ketentuan kuhp
kuhp dalamnya
dalamnya detail
detail unsurunsur
unsurunsur pengenaan
pengenaan thdp
thdp robertus
robertus robet
robet keliru
keliru ketentuan
ketentuan melindungi
melindungi golongan
golongan penduduk
penduduk adakah
adakah lembaga
lembaga yayasan
yayasan menangani
menangani indonesia
indonesia berhasil
berhasil sabar
sabar baca
baca selengkapnya
selengkapnya mengenakan
mengenakan songkok
songkok eksepsi
eksepsi ditolak
ditolak jaksa
jaksa solo
solo karir
karir rilis
rilis album
album dipenjara
dipenjara baca
baca selengkapnya
selengkapnya disibukkan
disibukkan ujarankebencian
ujarankebencian dasarnya
dasarnya pidatokebencian
pidatokebencian tertulis
tertulis terucap
terucap forum
forum tertutup
tertutup halaman
halaman pribadi
pribadi memaki
memaki mengumpat
mengumpat mengomel
mengomel hakim
hakim surabaya
surabaya putuskan
putuskan menahan
menahan http
http personel
personel kawal
kawal perdana
perdana surabaya
surabaya baca
baca selengkapnya
selengkapnya httpbitlywbehkc
httpbitlywbehkc alasan
alasan dihindari
dihindari dihentikan
dihentikan berpolitiklah
berpolitiklah sehat
sehat menemukan
menemukan kejanggalan
kejanggalan bssnri
bssnri kemkominfo
kemkominfo melempar
melempar medsos
medsos adp
adp mendekam
mendekam dipenjara
dipenjara pelajaran
pelajaran berharga
berharga didalam
didalam berdoa
berdoa semoga
semoga tercerahkan
tercerahkan selepas
selepas sensasi
sensasi prasetyo
prasetyo alias
alias divonis
divonis penampungan
penampungan baca
baca selengkapnya
selengkapnya divonis
divonis musisi
musisi dibawa
dibawa petugas
petugas cipinang
cipinang mengatasi
mengatasi hasutan
hasutan hoaks
hoaks politisi
politisi india
india ditahan
ditahan sabtu
sabtu kedapatan
kedapatan memposting
memposting gambar
gambar perdana
perdana menteri
menteri narendra
narendra modi
modi dipenjara
dipenjara cipinang
cipinang hakim
hakim jaksel
jaksel menilai
menilai informasi
informasi menimbulkan
menimbulkan jakarta
jakarta menjatuhkan
menjatuhkan vonis
vonis hukuman
hukuman musisi
musisi dinyatakan
dinyatakan bersalah
bersalah lantaran
lantaran akun
akun twitter
twitter musisi
musisi dipenjara
dipenjara garagara
garagara ekspresi
ekspresi menyudutkan
menyudutkan menghasut
menghasut menyulut
menyulut permusuhan
permusuhan individu
individu kelompok
kelompok masyarakatkomunitas
masyarakatkomunitas berbeda
berbeda tindakan
tindakan dibenarkan
dibenarkan positif
positif melulu
melulu sentimen
sentimen negatif
negatif merendahkan
merendahkan dikategorikan
dikategorikan termterm
termterm dikategorisasikan
dikategorisasikan samasama
samasama unsur
unsur pemuda
pemuda mataram
mataram pendapat
pendapat penampilan
penampilan caprescawapres
caprescawapres semalam
semalam bertobatlah
bertobatlah sesungguhnya
sesungguhnya kritik
kritik nasehat
nasehat bermanfaat
bermanfaat ngerii
ngerii hukumannya
hukumannya pelaku
pelaku lho
lho siswa
siswa smk
smk muda
muda garagara
garagara urusan
urusan menjerat
menjerat penyebar
penyebar sara
sara jejaring
jejaring kapolres
kapolres mojokerto
mojokerto deklarasi
deklarasi kapolres
kapolres mojokerto
mojokerto deklarasi
deklarasi batasan
batasan emoji
emoji medsos
medsos dipidana
dipidana pernyataan
pernyataan berlandaskan
berlandaskan fakta
fakta bantah
bantah hati
hati hati
hati isu
isu propaganda
propaganda provokasi
provokasi ketidakpuasan
ketidakpuasan untk
untk melawan
melawan moral
moral berperan
berperan balance
balance moral
moral sdh
sdh berfungsi
berfungsi menciptakan
menciptakan kekacauan
kekacauan saksi
saksi dipanggil
dipanggil diperiksa
diperiksa mohon
mohon doanya
doanya pupus
pupus pergantian
pergantian pemain
pemain detail
detail cek
cek dituntut
dituntut kegiatan
kegiatan hoaxer
hoaxer menghasilkan
menghasilkan apaapa
apaapa penghasilannya
penghasilannya detail
detail cek
cek judul
judul ftv
ftv azab
azab bagus
bagus indosiarid
indosiarid miliaran
miliaran akun
akun palsu
palsu baca
baca selengkapnya
selengkapnya langkah
langkah tangkal
tangkal baca
baca selengkapnya
selengkapnya ansor
ansor jatim
jatim laporkan
laporkan akun
akun penyebar
penyebar banser
banser jatim
jatim support
support dateng
dateng harga
harga teman
teman tanh
tanh vy
vy pulangpulang
pulangpulang basmi
basmi akun
akun penyebar
penyebar naah
naah wkwk
wkwk pelakunya
pelakunya menyebarkannya
menyebarkannya oknum
oknum karyawan
karyawan freeport
freeport indonesia
indonesia diangkap
diangkap kepolisian
kepolisian resor
resor mimika
mimika akun
akun miliki
miliki warga
warga karawang
karawang silahkan
silahkan like
like fanpage
fanpage rudy
rudy haryanto
haryanto pandangan
pandangan kegiatan
kegiatan ujarankebencian
ujarankebencian hati
hati hati
hati berkoman
berkoman luuur
luuur beliau
beliau sepakat
sepakat abang
abang orangtua
orangtua wali
wali murid
murid paham
paham sistem
sistem zonasi
zonasi beuh
beuh menimbulkan
menimbulkan ttg
ttg ppdb
ppdb yah
yah akun
akun model
model dapet
dapet centang
centang biru
biru nurmansyah
nurmansyah heru
heru warga
warga dusun
dusun bakanjati
bakanjati desa
desa pancawati
pancawati kecamatan
kecamatan klari
klari kantor
kantor pcnu
pcnu karawang
karawang sehat
sehat ubah
ubah kebiasaan
kebiasaan jempol
jempol jari
jari menyebarkannya
menyebarkannya akibatnya
akibatnya mengalami
mengalami ketidaktenangan
ketidaktenangan cemas
cemas sakit
sakit otot
otot susah
susah gangguan
gangguan susah
susah hamil
hamil serangan
serangan jantung
jantung kankerstroke
kankerstroke cepat
cepat mati
mati marah
marah kesal
kesal gondok
gondok meningkatkan
meningkatkan denyut
denyut jantung
jantung tekanan
tekanan darah
darah perubahan
perubahan sinyal
sinyal hormon
hormon testosteron
testosteron marah
marah beringas
beringas hormon
hormon riset
riset jurnal
jurnal hormones
hormones behaviour
behaviour kemarahan
kemarahan mengubah
mengubah state
state of
of mind
mind negatif
negatif banyaknya
banyaknya respons
respons negatif
negatif banyaknya
banyaknya beredar
beredar mengganggu
mengganggu kesehatan
kesehatan lho
lho bernafsu
bernafsu beritanya
beritanya dlm
dlm minggu
minggu rmolco
rmolco alfian
alfian tanjung
tanjung divonis
divonis bebas
bebas takbir
takbir bersahutan
bersahutan ruang
ruang sobat
sobat muda
muda lupa
lupa yah
yah manfaatnya
manfaatnya satpam
satpam penebar
penebar sumut
sumut dosen
dosen security
security bank
bank dosen
dosen ilmu
ilmu perpustakaan
perpustakaan garagara
garagara menulis
menulis pns
pns nomor
nomor asnpns
asnpns pns
pns bijaklah
bijaklah bersosmed
bersosmed dinas
dinas tunggu
tunggu laporan
laporan bijaklah
bijaklah bersosmed
bersosmed ramadhanmubarak
ramadhanmubarak alhamdulillah
alhamdulillah ayo
ayo berlomba
berlomba kebaikan
kebaikan lawan
lawan islamphobia
islamphobia sekolah
sekolah smp
smp kayong
kayong utara
utara isu
isu sara
sara socmed
socmed bijaksana
bijaksana lanjutan
lanjutan klarifikasi
klarifikasi pembusukanmediasampah
pembusukanmediasampah lanjutan
lanjutan semoga
semoga pantau
pantau evaluasi
evaluasi lbh
lbh hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya kominfo
kominfo aduan
aduan fluktuatif
fluktuatif hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya hatihati
hatihati hukumannya
hukumannya sri
sri bintang
bintang penuhi
penuhi panggilan
panggilan metro
metro jaya
jaya mencegah
mencegah melawan
melawan prioritas
prioritas indonesia
indonesia layaknya
layaknya eropa
eropa dubesunieropa
dubesunieropa universitasindonesia
universitasindonesia pagi
pagi baca
baca sambutan
sambutan beliau
beliau acara
acara read
read full
full here
here httpbitlyhawlnz
httpbitlyhawlnz perdana
perdana persiapan
persiapan enteng
enteng melenggang
melenggang ruang
ruang eits
eits hadir
hadir mendampingi
mendampingi lho
lho selengkapnya
selengkapnya httpseraidsezuk
httpseraidsezuk yuk
yuk filter
filter isu
isu sara
sara dunia
dunia tentram
tentram kondusif
kondusif sadar
sadar energi
energi emosiamarah
emosiamarah trbuang
trbuang membaca
membaca sgala
sgala posted
posted sabar
sabar nunggu
nunggu iya
iya tahukah
tahukah mudah
mudah polri
polri menemukanmu
menemukanmu penebar
penebar bermedsoslah
bermedsoslah asyik
asyik tahukah
tahukah mudah
mudah polri
polri menemukanmu
menemukanmu penebar
penebar bermedsoslah
bermedsoslah asyik
asyik tahukah
tahukah mudah
mudah polri
polri menemukanmu
menemukanmu penebar
penebar bermedsoslah
bermedsoslah asyik
asyik damai
damai bersosialisasi
bersosialisasi memprovokasi
memprovokasi jadikan
jadikan damai
damai bermartabat
bermartabat hati
hati teman
teman berteriak
berteriak berisik
berisik bos
bos saracen
saracen dituntut
dituntut bui
bui walikota
walikota london
london ngeri
ngeri tokoh
tokoh agama
agama kepolisian
kepolisian poso
poso deklarasikan
deklarasikan hoaks
hoaks evaluasi
evaluasi informasi
informasi mempengaruhi
mempengaruhi pandangan
pandangan pandangan
pandangan mempengaruhi
mempengaruhi sikap
sikap sikap
sikap terefleksi
terefleksi perbuatan
perbuatan medsos
medsos mengenal
mengenal batasbatas
batasbatas intelektualitas
intelektualitas tersentuh
tersentuh sentimen
sentimen primordialnya
primordialnya medsosapapun
medsosapapun latar
latar pendidikan
pendidikan profesi
profesi kelas
kelas sosialnyadapat
sosialnyadapat bengis
bengis sesamanya
sesamanya hariankompas
hariankompas potensial
potensial meredam
meredam maraknya
maraknya jatuh
jatuh polres
polres pelalawan
pelalawan deklarasi
deklarasi isu
isu sara
sara selengkapnya
selengkapnya bencinya
bencinya beliau
beliau grgr
grgr junjungan
junjungan bui
bui heyyyy
heyyyy nyebarin
nyebarin ditahan
ditahan kantongi
kantongi identitas
identitas anggota
anggota follower
follower nekat
nekat jurnalpagi
jurnalpagi kabareskrim
kabareskrim terungkapnya
terungkapnya kelompok
kelompok klb
klb kabareskrim
kabareskrim kejadian
kejadian bareskrim
bareskrim polri
polri ringkus
ringkus anggota
anggota cyber
cyber army
army terpantau
terpantau tim
tim cyber
cyber feby
feby loh
loh diisengin
diisengin haters
haters 
